## Replication Package
* __ASE_patches__: Patches from ASE'20 paper *Automated Patch Correctness Assessment: How Far are We?*. We directly reuse data from <https://zenodo.org/record/3730599/files/Patches_for_Static.zip>

* __RQ1__: Data and scripts of evaluation of static features: CapGen, S3, ssFix and anti-patterns.

* __RQ2__: Data and scripts of evaluation of embedding technique.

* __RQ3__: Data and scripts of evaluation of dynamic features: Opad and Patch-Sim.

* __balanced_dataset__: Path information of merged dataset(PraPR patches + ASE patches) and balanced dataset(all correct patches from PraPR patches + ASE patches and equal number of overfitting patches from PraPR patches + ASE patches).

* __d4j1.2_src_path__: Root directory relative path information from [previous study](https://github.com/xgdsmileboy/SimFix/tree/master/d4j-info/src_path), containing relative path information including source, test, bin, test-bin.

* __developer_patches_1.2&developer_patches_2.0__: patches from defects4j like *.src.patch in this [directory](https://github.com/rjust/defects4j/tree/master/framework/projects/Chart/patches)

* __gen_prapr_patches__: Scripts of generating source code level PraPR patches.

* __prapr_bin_patches_1.2&prapr_bin_patches_2.0__: Output of running PraPR on pre-configured defects4j programs(you need to configure programs to maven first).

* __prapr_src_patches_1.2&2prapr_src_patches_2.0__: Source code level PraPR patches, the generation procedure and explaination of files are in `gen_prapr_patches' directory.

* __pylib__: Helper functions for running scripts.

* __tests_generated_for_1.2_dataset&tests_generated_for_2.0_dataset__: Tests generated by defects4j [test generation module](https://github.com/rjust/defects4j/blob/master/framework/bin/gen_tests.pl). Note that some tests of some projects can't be generated.

* __overlapping_patches_ASE_prapr.txt__: Overlapping patches between ASE patches and PraPR patches.
